Update postcss-plugins.md (#1165)
nuxt/docs: en/faq/postcss-plugins.md

# How to add PostCSS plugins?

> ### Default Method

Reviewer: I'd probably switch the two heading. The "default" should be using `nuxt.config.js`. The "legacy" or "traditional" way is a postcss.config.js

Author: @manniL will it good if I also swap two methods? Then the first will be default (nuxt.config.js) and the second (postcss.config.js) ?

Reviewer: Yes, please. :relaxed:

# How to add PostCSS plugins?

> ### Default Method

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
### Recommended Method
```

> Delete the `postcss.config.js` in your project directory (if existent). Then, in your `nuxt.config.js` file add the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If present, rename or delete the `postcss.config.js` in your project directory. Then, in your `nuxt.config.js` file add the following:
```

Author: @farzadso what do you think about it?

Reviewer 2: @core01 Couldn't agree any more. It's got much better sentencing.
